
Hi This is Linlin, I am super excited about this role because I am good fit for this role. Please allow me introduce myself first, I have been working as software engineer for 8 years. I used to work in different industries: Bank, B2C startup, Manufacturing, Car industry. I am quick learner when domain knowledge changes. I have experience on different kind of product development. These experience has brought me different angles of thinking and capability on different technology stack. I have passionate on making new product, new features, solving issues by using technology. I enjoy facing challenge and have great endurance to overcome the obstacles. I has been attracted by frontend technology,cause it keeps evolving very fast, and becore more powerful. I experienced several projects using Vue.js, React and Java. Currently I am preparing AWS architecture associate exam, I want to be into the cloud world and jump into the idea of serverless. Your company’s product is using React and AWS, I bet my experience and knowledge can contribute a lot. I am so exciting to join and make my effort.
Your comany’s value align with me a lot. EspecialI the one that build for people. I would love to join a company which cherish their people and encourage them to grow and provide the learning opportunity. I will devote the best of my effort to such company.  And the value of moving with purpose also attracted me a lot. I am an achiever, once I get the purpose and setup the goal, I would be determined to deliver the result. I enjoy being busy and hard-working towards the goals and fullfill the purpose. I only feel satisfied when I achieve the my everyday purpose.
During many years of experience, I am a good team player. I loved having team lunch and play badminton with teammate. I know team work is more important, we should bring out the best of everyone in team and appreciate the defference of teammate. 
Apart from work, I love Kayak and do workout in GYM.I have two lovely kids and will bring them explore different playground in areas.
That’s me, I would really apprecite if you give a change to talk more about the opportunity.

